recording yeah okay so I guess we are
here for the Provost report on the IBM
project so I'll be believed this time
not Andrew and Andre Sosa already
already volunteered to be the note-taker
of this progress report so I'll ask
everyone to put their names into the
list of attendees
I think everyone already did if I'm
counting right so that's nice so
everyone can can head something to the
agenda for us to talk about if you want
more than what we already have a year so
let's start with the round of interest
and the plates
the first one is andreas oh okay hi guys
for the ornelas sprint on the second
week I was on vacations on the first
week I was working on several pages that
were still a work in progress in this
revision with the team so I came back
for the last last day yesterday and the
next step for me and considering this
sprint will be the the homepage
considering all the current components
that we have predicted on style guide
look to the pages and user flows already
already design it and see what we can
use as an overview for the homepage I
need to design the single page which is
the website of the app understand how
how the what will be the pad for this
what we want to communicate it now to
sell the app for the end users another
thing to accomplish on this print will
be the initial screens for for the app
with the loading and the error states
and also work on the apple page and yeah
for me for this week this will be the
three main tasks that's it thank you oh
and let me just say something could you
share your screen so and follow through
the list of people forces when and
restaurants at the target
you'll be nice to see
just yeah actually I didn't say in
progress right now which was something
that I started on the on the previous
weeks
it was the sinking status which is the
data replications for the app sidebar
and the profile page and sign prompts
which is using the same components that
we have already used for the
authentication Pro and yeah thank you
so I guess you have concluded the
vacation in the last week so thank you
salsa the next one non the least is
actually me so hi guys so during this
print this print was actually shorter
since we had some holidays here in
Portugal like Easter and the Liberty day
so also some people that a few vacations
so these prints actually have live some
days less than the other Springs so keep
that in mind so what I can call this
print in the IP IB module I implemented
get div method well you get your D ID
based on a master key
this doesn't mean that the identity is
created or that the document actually
exists but what would be your D ID by is
in a master key that you provide also I
implemented some validation of documents
integrity so basically you could
actually resolve the ID but that day I
could resolve documents that would not
be a div valid document without specific
must have properties that the ID
documents must have so basically we are
currently we are now shaking if the
document is valid and if it's not we
actually throw an error saying that okay
we can't resolve this because we
actually didn't get a valid document
also we di
some some some some tweaking on the air
on the efforts while we try to resolve
something and it wasn't very obvious
that it failed due to not finding the
document or that div div was invalid so
now that is actually better
so I also changed something in the human
crypto keys the the module that we were
using were actually was actually using
web workers if we were on the web but we
actually wanted to support the
generation of RSA keys without the use
of web workers so we actually they have
to do a work around this but it's
working now so I also this print did
some stuff in the IBM wallet
I changed some methods to be synchronous
so we did this we are actually doing
some loads of the store of the storage
in the beginning so that after let the
some calls are now synchronous so we are
already have some stuff in memory so
that because don't take too much time we
are we also changed the storage to use
leveldb
we were using a local storage but we are
now using level DB and I also
implemented a way to store data but
encrypted better so we we are now
encrypting the stuff that we are writing
in the inter storage I didn't finish my
last the story that I was supposed to
finish in the last sprint
I'm currently missing just one thing so
I was going to implement the identity
scope even the IDM wallet I already
implemented the create identity the
import identity and
I also created a new method that we
called peek where we can check if the
identity already exists currently I'm
finishing the remove method
in the next Sprint's I will R&D about
the modeling that on rbtv
credentials apps and sessions and I will
also implement the profile verifiable
credential with a replication and I
think that's it for me
so just qualifying follow the the
strategy encryption encryption that you
mentioned mm-hmm
is encrypted with the locker with a
locker secret yes so we we are using the
the secret that we have in the locker to
encrypt the the data on the that we are
going to put in the storage and we are
using a a AES GCM algorithm to do it all
right also you mentioned that you change
the storage to Diwali and I think I
think I told useful to explain why yeah
okay so basically we changed to leveldb
since local storage was not really the
best kind of way to store something we
were thinking of using index DB and
leveldb already provides us that
functionality and we are also using a
package called level that also
implements level TV to be used both in
node.js and also in browsers so that
will be one thing that we might want in
the future currently we are only
supporting the browser but in the future
that might be beneficial for us yeah and
also I think one of the reasons for us
to move from level DB sorry promised the
local forest reserves it was to use the
range queries order of alphabetic range
queries like the graphic queries the
level the we gives us yeah so yes so
basically I can give you an example if
we have multiple identities the intent
that these are stored with
with a prefix and with an ash of div so
basically the key is the key of an
identity is identity /v ash of div and
to fight it we are making a we are
reading from the storage every key that
starts with that prefix so that is one
of the advantages of using loyalty so
yeah also the next one in the list is
Pedro Miguel
Axios hey everyone and so the last frame
can you please just okay and so let's
bring I did finish type select in type
option component you had the link there
if you want to check it out and I also
fix at some some bug's some problems
that we had on flow model contents
component and you have both be ours you
have the links for the PRS I've also
implemented the avatar component that I
was needed I was needing it for the
create identity user journey that what
is I am currently doing and I will
finish it very soon and I will also
damage later in this meeting and and the
next steps for me are so the next step
for me is implement edit profile page
and that's mainly it for for this spring
okay Thank You Pierre
the next one on the list is Dominguez GM
hey guys
so the best sprint I finished doing the
Sabbath Locker user journey which I
actually showed you in the past fall you
have the link to the closed PR in the
document I also fixed some minor ones
that we have in some components the
finding the web UI keeper numbness in
progress during the sprint and I was
simply working on this is the import
existing identity user journey I have a
few steps of the process that I have
completed but I still have some stuff
that that needs to be finished and after
this I will be implementing the profile
page and that's pretty much it from my
side okay Thank You Jill the next one is
Saturday
yeah so yeah so in terms of what I
concluded I concluded a module to hinder
loading error and success states related
to the promise using overreacts so this
was useful for us because we have a lot
of synchronous operations for instance
the setup blocker is in flow you have
the passphrase validation that happens
asynchronously you also have the the
saved password that happens secretly and
all of that so we needed a intuitive way
and easy way to express that little red
states of saving and pending saving
saved and some error occurred in the in
the user interface so I have implemented
that model you have the link there if
you want to check it out
also as part of one of the tasks that I
have in the recipient which was to
structure the nominees whether we give
birth to a new module called reactive
iam wallet which basically is the
reactive bindings for the IDM wallet so
that we can easily use the IDM wallets
functionality inside the V active up so
we have implemented that model you have
that you have the right there if you're
checking articles also I have done
initial on Ian's work I've done a lot of
fixes to the nominees where white kids
which is our style guide implementation
of our style guide and also I've
improved the set up blockers journey
with the help of geo and there is a lot
of code reviews and also some minor
discussions in terms of in progress I'm
still finishing the shredding of the
enemies web app which is a carryover of
our sprint but I'm already
I'm almost finishing it I just need to
finish the integration of the reactive
iam oh yeah there's a typo there if you
could fix it oh it's IDM wallet not
module involved in both places anyway
I finish it I'm finishing finishing
integrating that model and also I'm
finishing the app skeleton and photo
structure because at the moment the
photos front structure is kind of lucky
because I just wanted to get things
started
now it's the time to properly structured
up in terms of the folder structure and
I know I'll be finishing that in the
couple the next steps in terms of what
I'm doing next I'm implementing the
identities list on the sidebar so now
that we have the create and import
almost ready or partially ready in the
wallet
I'm now able to list my identities that
are in my wallet and render them in the
sidebar on the left so that we can
select each identity and then go to the
profile page and also I'm implementing
the fewer other extra functionality on
the bottom of the sidebar such as the
notifications placeholder and cog or
settings placeholders I think I'd not I
we haven't showed the design set and so
that but probably we will in the future
once it's implemented anyway I think oh
yeah I have one more two more things so
I will help follow in the research and
development about how to how to model
the data on our BTB s or the credentials
arts and sessions we hope to get that
sorted out in the next days and finally
I have also Paulo - implemented with our
credentials management so ability to
create remove and apply to my
credentials including including the
identity profile credential that
contains your name and your your avatar
or photo your nationality and so on and
also be able to replicate them among
amongst all the devices that we have
associated and I think that's it for me
does anyone have any questions so I
think we can move on to the next person
on the list and the next one is Jim hi
Jim you have any plates you know no
updates on just this thing that you guys
are working on okay the Alpha we are
very glad to have you here by the way
thank you thank you for passing by so
the next on the list we have some demos
so Pedro will do what I am
of the create identity user journey that
si is working on right now so please
them a little can do them with yes yeah
sure and I need to share my screen wait
a minute oh you need to stop to share
your screen yeah this was at what I was
about saying okay okay can you see my
screen I need to remove this from here
can you see it can you see my screen
okay yeah we can okay
okay okay okay so and so what I am about
to show you is the new identity user
journey when you when you want to create
a new identity so when you click on
create new identity and or so yeah
create new identity you can either
create it or import a new an existing
identity and here you are you are seeing
illustration but you will see later a
fancy illustration made by designed by
by Andres dosa and but the depth I am
that that I am doing is this one that is
the step that will allow you to create
your identity so you can choose your the
type of identity that you are creating
so I will choose a person because I
think I am a person and then you can
click continue and now you can you can
feel this text input with your name and
I don't I don't think you saw it coming
so if I if I start writing my name you
can see here the initials of my name
under the Avatar component and you can
also choose a photo I will put some
fruit okay so it's random ice right then
you can click continue to the next step
of this user journey that is you will
set up your device and as you can see
this step was automatically inferred so
you can see that I am using my laptop
and also the device name was
automatically filled and and it it is
Pilar's laptop but you can you can
change it you can change it and if we
predict it wrongly you can also change
your device type so let's suppose that I
was using my desktop you can continue
and change it again to desktop and this
is the this is the the last step and so
then I will click continue and this will
create the identity that it's not ready
yet but it will be very soon as Paulo
said so this is the current status of
create identity identity user journey
any questions yeah so when when I hit
continue on that last screen it will
show me like a loaded a loading saying
that it's creating an identity and then
I'm ready to go yeah that's right it's
right at mr. I forgot to mention that so
you are here so when I click continue it
is small but loading and loading yeah
it's not working now but you'll see a
loading button sorry a loading screen
and then it's it's it's actually a
feedback screen yeah yeah that's it all
right
okay thank you better so does anyone
have some more questions for Pedro about
the demo
No so I think we can move on I'll share
my screen just a moment
you guys see my screen
yeah so I think the last thing we have
on the agenda or the one of the last
things are questions so does anyone have
questions to ask to anyone on the list
of attendees I don't have a question but
I have a suggestion for Pedro so to
avoid that a disabled but that I have
that I have so you could use Jack's
final form to get the consistent
behavior of all the regulations being
correct then the button is enabled and
vice versa if there's any error the
disable button should be disabled so
it's really straightforward to use that
the final fault just a suggestion
not a question yeah sure I will change
it to two years the react final form
library yeah
okay so I don't think anyone as it has
more questions so I think we can move on
so yeah do you guys have any do you guys
want to say anything what are we going
to do or some actions that we need to
take from now on there are just a small
comment which is the next print which is
very important because we will get deep
in the how the very fiber credentials
will work out here and also how can we
store them and replicate them this will
be a huge milestone for us to get it
right and I hope really hope that the
next sprint or the next sprint will have
that implemented so that we can really
get the sense of how things work out in
the reform causation is moving with ipfs
and a little bit to be here and possibly
want me to be to provider still the
replication model so I really I'm really
excited to see how those things come
together
okay so I think we can finish this
progress report thank you dream for
passing by so see you in two weeks
bye bye thanks guys